♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure, One Piece,
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is the
island of Punk Hazard,
There, they face off against the
mad scientist, Caesar Clown,
who has unleashed
a terrifying bioweapon
known as "Land of the Dead."
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
Come, come, children, follow me!
You're back home,
now, safe and sound.
Don't ever run off and
make me worry like that again.
[DOLAN] My head hurts so much!
Master! I need the candy!
Of course, children.
You can have it right away.
Everyone behave yourselves
and toddle off to your room,
and eat as much of the
yummy candy as you want!
[NARRATOR] Seeking to outrun the
deadly gas
that threatens to overtake them,
the Straw Hats dash through the
massive laboratory
alongside their ally, the
Warlord, Trafalgar Law.
Their objective is to kidnap
Caesar, free his captives,
and escape the island before the
Land of the Dead can claim them.
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY grunting]
[LUFFY]
"To Save Her Friends!
Mocha Runs at the
Risk of Her Life!"
[CHILDREN]
Mocha!
[CHILDREN yelling]
We have to go!
Yeah, come on!
Hey, what are you doing,
raccoon? Get off of me!
It's a sedative.
This will help you.
[groans]
Hey, wh-what happened to me?
[SYND]
Candy!
Quick! Go after the children!
[ROBIN]
Right!
[CHILDREN] Get back here
with our candy, Mocha!
[MOCHA panting]
[SYND]
Come back!
Milky Ball!
[DOLAN]
Not this again!
We won't be able
to keep this up long!
How much further
does Mocha have to go?
Stop!
[NAMI yelps, groans]
Don't hurt her!
[SYND groans]
Candy.
Give me candy!
Are you all right, Mocha?
Uh-huh! Thank you!
You go on ahead,
we'll hold them back.
Mm.
Candy! I want candy!
We just need to slow
them down for a little while.
Whatever it takes,
we won't let them get her.
[CHOPPER]
You can do this, Mocha!
Please, just keep going!
[MOCHA panting]
[TASHIGI pants]
[TASHIGI]
Huh? Where am I?
[TASHIGI gasps] Hey, what
do you think you're doing?!
Where are you taking me?
Put me down this instant,
do you hear me?!
Shut up! We don't have time
for your crap right now!
Look!
[TASHIGI] The toxic gas is
flowing into the Biscuit Room!
No! At the rate
the gas is moving now,
it won't take long at all for it
to fill Building B completely.
Glad to see we're
on the same page.
Now maybe you'll shut up?
[TASHIGI gasps]
[ZORO]
What's the problem?!
[TASHIGI] The exit's
in the other direction!
[ZORO] What?!
You coulda told me sooner!
Will you at least put me down
before we catch up with my men?
Swallow your pride for once!
It's not like it'll do you
any good if you're dead.
[TASHIGI gasps]
Jeez, what now?!
I don't believe it! Is that
the legendary sword, Shusui?
Keep your hands to yourself
and stop running your mouth,
you stupid sword geek!
--[footsteps]
--[MOCHA panting]
Where to now?
This place is huge!
I don't know which
way to go anymore.
[CHILDREN]
Give us candy!
[MOCHA gasps]
No!
[CHOPPER gasps]
Mocha?
[BIYO]
Give it to us now!
No!
[KONBU, BIYO]
Candy! We want candy!
Konbu! Biyo! Please
stop this! Just let go!
[CHILDREN]
Candy! Candy! Candy!
If you won't give it to me,
I'll take it from you!
Mocha!
[NAMI]
Oh, no!
Some of them took another route!
Please! Let go! Let go! Let go!
Crap! If they get the candy,
we'll have to start
all over again.
We have to get
Mocha away from them!
Right! Mil Fleurs.
[SYND]
Get outta my way!
[ROBIN, NAMI, CHOPPER yelp]
Let's go!
Go, Milky Ball!
Gigantesco Mano!
[CHILDREN yell]
[groans]
[KONBU]
Give us the candy now!
No, I can't!
Candy!
No way! You can't have it!
[GIRL C] It's not fair
to keep it for yourself!
If you eat it, you'll
never get to leave here!
Don't you want to go home
to your mommies
and daddies someday?
I don't care! The only
thing I want now is candy!
I just want to get away from
this stupid island
and go back home!
I want all of us to leave here!
I can't give you the candy!
[gasps]
[gasping]
She ate all of it!
That's not fair!
Mocha!
What was she thinking?
SYND]
No! Give it!
You can't just hog it all!
[CHILDREN shouting]
[gasping]
[CHOPPER sniffs]
[CHOPPER cries]
Mocha!
[CHOPPER] You need to spit
them all out right now!
Do you hear me?
Mocha!
[MOCHA grunts]
I told you what those
candies really are!
[MOCHA]
Hey!
[CHOPPER]
Huh?
Will you tell me
why we can't eat it?
What's so bad about the candy?
[CHOPPER grunts]
[MOCHA]
Huh?
You can't eat it...
...because that
candy is deadly poison.
[gasps]
[MOCHA]
I'm sorry, Chopper.
I had to do it.
[MOCHA]
They're my friends!
[MOCHA whimpers]
[gasps]
[UZU]
I promise!
[SYND]
[BIYO]
I promise!
[ALLY]
[GIRL B]
I promise!
[KONBU]
[DOLAN]
I promise!
It's not too late!
You can still spit them out!
[MOCHA]
I promise!
[MOCHA whimpers, gulps]
[SYND] You know what I think
we should do when we grow up?
We should find a ship and
set out for the open sea!
[CHILDREN]
The sea?
Why, to catch fish?
No, dummy!
To go on an adventure!
Y'know, look for islands made
of gold and stuff like that.
That sounds like fun!
When we get better and go home,
we'll be separated, right?
We won't see each other anymore.
That's why we need a ship!
To pick everyone up!
Yeah, cool! Let's go!
A bunch of friends
having a big adventure!
[CHILDREN laughing]
So what's the plan?
When do we go?
[SYND gasps]
Let's see... I dunno.
[chuckles]
When we're 20 years old!
That's, like, forever from now.
Waiting for so long will
just make it more exciting!
[DOLAN chuckles]
Yeah!
Okay, let's make it a promise!
[CHILDREN laugh]
I promise!
[MOCHA] So... the Master
is a bad person?
[CHOPPER]
Yes, a very bad person.
But he's always
been so nice to us.
The candy he gives us is yummy,
and we get to eat it every day.
[CHOPPER]
That's how he trapped you.
What? But why?
You children are
his test subjects.
How... How do you know?
[SYND]
Hey, Mocha! Open up!
We need to go to the
Biscuit Room right now!
[CHILDREN]
Candy!
[CHOPPER ] The truth is,
none of you were sick
when he brought you here.
That can't be true!
You're wrong!
How do you think you wound up
with a body that enormous?
I've heard rumors
about experiments that
have been going on for
hundreds of years now.
People all around the world
attempting to create giants.
I say "attempting"
because nobody
has ever succeeded before.
The experiments always fail.
I'm sorry, but there's something
that I have to tell you.
[MOCHA gasps]
Caesar's experiment...
is doomed, too.
[MOCHA gasps]
[CHOPPER] He knows
that it's going to fail.
My guess is he's just collecting
data for his next experiment.
[MOCHA ] So... what's
going to happen to us?
[grunts]
Death.
None of you will
live to see home again.
[MOCHA gasps]
That delicious candy
is a fatal toxin.
It tastes sweet, but the truth
is, it's destroying your body.
And as soon as you eat one,
you start to crave another.
The more you eat, the more
control Caesar has over you.
Before long, you'll do
anything for another piece,
just like those kids in there.
[MOCHA gasps]
[CHOPPER]
I sedated you.
That's why you're calm now.
But there are side
effects from the candy
and the experiment itself.
Before you reach adulthood,
you will likely die.
[whimpering] Mocha!
[whimpering]
[MOCHA] We won't ever be
grownups? That can't be right.
What about our homes?
Our mommies and daddies?
Will we get to see them again?
[gasps]
You won't, unless
you leave soon.
[gasps]
A lot of things
have scared us here.
We never even thought
about that, though.
When we asked you for help,
it was because we
wanted to go home again.
We wanted the chance
to see our families
instead of being
stuck here another year
without knowing
what we were sick with.
[MOCHA whimpers]
[MOCHA]
But we...
[gasping]
[MOCHA crying]
We never... [cries]
We never actually thought that
we were going to
die here though.
We thought we were gonna
leave here once we got better.
That's what he said,
and we believed him.
We ate that candy because
they gave it to us.
We didn't know
we would die from it!
Yes, I know! It's not
your fault--none of this is!
That's why
we're gonna do whatever
it takes to defeat Caesar.
Nothing will stop us!
[CHOPPER]
I'm sorry!
[CHOPPER crying]
So sorry that we didn't get here
sooner to save you from him!
[crying] Chopper.
[stammering] We can't die.
Please, Chopper.
We don't wanna die here!
Then it won't happen!
We'll find a way to save you!
[sobbing]
Caesar's strong,
he's powerful, devious,
and maybe the most horrible
man in the entire world.
But you should know something.
Our captain is better
than him and stronger.
As a matter of fact,
he's gonna be
King of the Pirates someday!
He can do it.
No matter what, Luffy is
going to take Caesar down!
[whimpers]
[CHOPPER]
So, please, listen carefully.
I think I have a plan.
We can't let the other
children have any more candy.
Do you understand?
[MOCHA]
Mm-hm.
[CHOPPER]
I'm going to do my best
to get them all sedated here.
That should make them
easier to control.
[MOCHA]
Mm.
But I need your help.
Do you think you can
go to the Biscuit Room
and guard the candies there?
Yes!
Whatever I have to do, I'll make
sure nobody eats anymore candy!
I want us all
to escape together!
Okay!
Mocha! [sobbing]
I think she puked blood.
Why though? All she
did was eat the candy.
[CHOPPER grunts]
[gagging]
[choking]
What happened? Did she get hurt?
[DOLAN] Hey, she really
doesn't look good.
[NAMI]
I can't believe it.
The children have stopped now.
[CHOPPER grunts]
[gagging]
[KONBU] That's what happens
when you're greedy.
[CHOPPER cries]
Mocha!
[sobs]
I'm here! Stay with me!
[gasping]
What's wrong?
See now?! This is what eating
the candy really does to you!
Do you get it?!
Mocha sacrificed herself...
...for you! To save you!
Chopper! If you
wanna sedate them,
then now is your best chance!
Mocha! First I have
to treat her!
No time, Chopper!
[MOCHA gasping]
[CHOPPER grunts]
[SANJI]
The children are standing still!
Let's go!
[MARINES] Yeah!
[SANJI] No violence, boys!
Don't hurt anybody!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
Just subdue! Do not injure!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
Get them under control!
[MARINES]
All right!
Hey, it's Sanji!
And the Navy?
Sanji!
[MARINE A]
Black Leg!
Is aiming for the balls
considered violence?
[SANJI]
Hmm. A close call, but yes.
[MARINE A]
Got it!
Medical team, you're up!
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
Chopper, use these guys.
They know a thing or two.
[CHOPPER gasps]
Mm.
Right!
Let's get these
kiddos a little calmer.
Thank you, everybody!
[MARINES]
Ready...
Here we go!
If I'm correct, there should
be an examination room
somewhere around here.
Let's get her there
as fast as we can!
[MARINE C]
We're running outta time.
You know that, right, raccoon?
[CHOPPER] Trust me, I know.
[MARINE D]
Enough chitchat. Let's move!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
[NAMI]
Mocha...
[MOCHA coughs]
[whimpers]
[sobs]
[CHOPPER]
Damn it! This is my fault.
[MOCHA]
Chopper...
[CHOPPER gasps]
Mocha, are you okay?
Are you in pain?
Chopper, I did it.
The others... [coughs]
They're safe. I didn't
let them have the candy.
[gasps]
You-- Oh, Mocha.
You're so strong.
Eating the candy to save them--
that was brave.
It was so brave.
Thanks to you, they'll be
able to escape from here.
[gasps]
Mocha! I'm going to save you,
no matter what I have to do!
I swear I will! [cries]
You are going to grow up!
[MOCHA]
Mm.
[SUBORDINATES yell]
[SUBORDINATE A]
Look out!
The dumpster exploded.
What the hell is down there?
[SUBORDINATES]
Huh?
[footsteps]
Stop! Now!
[SUBORDINATE B] It's Straw Hat
Luffy! What's he doing here?
Shoot him! Fire!
Where's Caesar?
[SUBORDINATE D gasping]
[SUBORDINATE D]
Uhh... Huh?!
Wait! I don't know anything!
[LUFFY]
Where's Caesar?
Uhh, go straight
down this corridor.
In Building R--he's there.
Ugh.
[LUFFY]
Good.
I'm ready.
[NARRATOR]
In hopes of saving his men,
Brownbeard attempts to
reveal what a heartless villian
Caesar Clown truly is,
but Caesar prevents the
truth from getting out
by stopping the captain
from speaking.
Then, upon hearing the uproar of
Caesar's victorious laughter,
Luffy explodes with anger.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Browbeard in Grief!
Luffy Lands a Furious Blow!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!